{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=4019}}\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind0\viewscale100
\deftab560
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 WorkPlayAway Marketing Description\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Hello potential user,\
\pard\tx219\tx713\tx1123\tx1684\tx2246\tx2808\tx3369\tx3931\tx4492\tx5054\tx5616\tx6177\tx6739\pardeftab560\li713\fi-714\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	\'95	}\CocoaLigature0 Do you think for a living?  \
\pard\tx219\tx713\tx1123\tx1684\tx2246\tx2808\tx3369\tx3931\tx4492\tx5054\tx5616\tx6177\tx6739\pardeftab560\li713\fi-714\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	\'95	}\CocoaLigature0 Do you find that you need to get things done but get distracted very easily?\
\ls2\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	\'95	}\CocoaLigature0 Do you have Ideas in your head that you want out and not forgotten?\
\ls2\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	\'95	}\CocoaLigature0 Do you need to write a status report every week and often don't know what to put in it? \
\ls2\ilvl0\CocoaLigature1 {\listtext	\'95	}\CocoaLigature0 Do you find that in spite of having a myriad of calendar/todo lists and email tools to help you stay organized the real problem is that you forget to use them?\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 If so then you are like me and I wrote this software for myself and maybe you.  \
I looked at the many programs for personal productivity and decided that none of them scratched my particular itch so I wrote my own.\
This software is designed to aid your personal productivity on your mac in variety of ways.  \
First off I wanted to be able to track what I was working on and I started using remember the milk. As I got more into RTM I discovered the excellent quicksilver support for it and was hooked because it enabled me to very speedily capture my to do items and get back to working.  The other thing I started doing was using a timer to encourage myself to bear down and get things done until the alarm went off. However, often times I would get interrupted by phone calls or by friends seeing me online and wanting to chat.  So then I would set my Adium and/or Skype status to hidden.  But the downside of that was that I would the forget to ever put myself back online again. \
But another problem reared up which was that I would miss appointments for myself because I was so obsessed with my projects that I would do them and never look at the calendar.  I looked around and found concentrate and other programs which would control my browsing habits I thought was cool but on the annoying side.  Anyway like I said, there are tools but nothing scratched all my various itches.  \
The central idea of WPA is that on my computer I am either working, puttering around (free) or I am just not there (away) for whatever real world reason. And WPA is meant to let me manage those three states with a single, efficient management interface. So you have a simple way to say Hey I am just puttering around now or Hey I am working now leave me alone.  Ideally then the computer will adapt your environment to these priorities.  Even better would be if the computer automatically detect these changes in your activities?\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\qc\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 A Day in the Life of WPA
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 I get up in the morning and with a cup of coffee next to me I settle down in front of the laptop.  WPA helpfully pops up a HUD-style summary screen showing my new emails, current todo items and upcoming appointments/events.  I can check off any items on the list that I have actually completed right from this screen or more likely I just dismiss the screen.  At this point WPA has me in free time mode so I am available for chatting and I can got to any website I want to visit, so say check out the lakers score on espn.com.  However I have an icon up in the status bar which is a big red circle which means I haven't done any work yet today that an occasionally growl pops up with one of my todo items just to remind me of what I want to do. So when I when I am ready to work I use a couple key strokes to say so and WPA will block productivity stealing web sites,  set my chat status to invisible,  only alert me when high priority emails come in (such as from my girl friend) or when I have an appointment or deadline approaching. Then after an hour or so I have to get up and to the bathroom -- I forget to tell WPA explicitly that I am away (tho I could if I had remembered)  but it will detect that the screen saver came on (after 5 min of inactivity) and set my chat status appropriately.  When I get back to the computer in (less than) 15 minutes, WPA returns my status back to working.  I notice that a significant slice of the red icon is now green since my work goal for today was 4 hours and I was working for an hour before my bathroom break.  Yay me!  Say, however, I took a lunch break for an hour.  In this case I come back to the computer and it will leave my status as free until I am ready to get down to work.  \
Or I am working on a new feature of my latest project and its using a set of new APIs that I am just not quite understanding.  What I *need* to do is just open up the (excellent) apple cocoa documents and spend 45 minutes reading without fiddling around on other things.  WPA to the rescue -- I put it into timed mode and it gives me a nice count down up in the status bar while I bear down and *concentrate*.\
Its the end of the week and my boss wants to know what I did -- I can go to the status report page and see all the todo items I completed and how long they took and how much time was spent away from the computer etc...\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\qc\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 But Wait!\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 But wait, there's more... or there could be anyway,  All of of this functionality is designed with a plugin architecture.  I am not stuck using google calendar or remember the milk of some new service comes along that supports what I want (and allows me to write a tool for it) I can make a plugin to support it.  Or if I want something to play "work music" while I am working I can write it and use it.}